page 269 (294 of 370) before Chapter 18
Chapter 15

1. Secure data such as keys, secrets, and certificates is best 
stored in a digital vault like a key vault, which can centrally 
manage, issue, and audit the use of your critical credentials and 
data.  As your applications and services need access to different
resources, they can automatically request, retrieve, and use
these keys, secrets, and credentials.

2. To maximize the security and integrity of your data, hardware-
protected vaults are the preferred approach for production workloads.

3. A managed identity is like a computer account.

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

1. AI allows computers to complete tasks with some amount of flexibity
and awareness, and to adjust their decisions based on external factors
or without the need for human interaction.

Common AI on personal computers and smartphones includes Siri, Cortana
and Google Assistant.

The application is programmed for several common phrases and is then
able to make an educated guess of what the user is asking for.

2. ML (with big data)
Computer systems can process really large amounts of data, and allow you
to find specific patterns and correlations.  These learnings form data models
that other applications or AI can use to make decisions.

3. when Applications use the data models to process their own datasets,
these datasets are typically much smaller than the raw data provided to 
the ML algorithms. If the data model is valid, even with a small data
input from the application, the correct outcome or correlation can be
determined.

4. One other cool resource that helps you perform serious ML and number
crunching in Azure is data science virtual machines (DSVMs).  These VMs
are available for both Linux and Windows.  They come with many common
applications preinstalled, including Jupyter Notebooks, Anaconda Python,
and R Server or SQL Server.

5. There's no need to install all the tools and dependencies on your local
computer; you can create a DSVM with as much CPU and memory resources as you 
need to process your data quickly and then delete the VM when your processing
job is complete and you have the data models you need.

6. Azure Cognitive Services are in below general areas:
Vision
Speech
Language
Decision
Search







  










