page 47 (72 of 370) before chapter 4

1. xingyuan: start talking about logs already is really good!

2. xingyuan: so over one night, now my costs shows CA$1.58, I 
think one of the main difference IaaS vs PaaS is of course 
IaaS is a lot economic ^-^.

3. The default error level may not show anything if everything works
right, but take care with changing to Debug or Trace, as your logs
can fill up fast and make it hard to actually see what's happening!
If you have a problem, gradually increase the log level until you capture 
enough information to troubleshoot without being overwhelmed by the log data.

4. The key takeaway here is that as you move toward PaaS solutions like
web apps, you can still obtain crucial diagnostics logs and application data
 to troubleshoot and monitor the performance of your web application.

5. deployment slot
xingyuan: don't know why, but app level publishing username and password
does not work for deployment slot "dev", error says can not authenticate.
instead, I use user level username and password to successfully deploy.

6. When you swap slots, what was live in the production slot is now in the dev slot, 
and what was in dev is now live in production.
Not all settings can swap, such as SSL settings and custom domains, but for
the most part, deployment slots are a greate way to stage and validate content
before it goes live to your customers.

Part 1 Azure core services
1. before you begin
2. creating vm
3. Azure web apps
4. introduction to Azure Storage
5. Azure Networking basics

Part 2 High Availability and Scale
6. Azure resource manager
7. High availability and redundancy
8. Load-balancing applications
9. Applications that scale
10. Global databases with cosmos
11. Managing network traffic and routing
12. Monitoring and troubleshooting

Part 3 Secure by default
13. Backup, recovery, and replication
14. Data encryption
15. Securing information with Azure Key Vault
16. Azure Security Center and updates

Part 4 The Cool Stuff
17. Machine Learning and artificial intelligence
18. Azure automation
19. Azure containers
20. Azure and the IoT
21. Serverless computing

